hey guys we are at the HP omen arcade
booth and I am joined by seagull seagull
what brings you out to Blizzcon today
well I mean there's lots of things at
Blizzcon to come out for one was the
semi-finals of World Cup two was playing
with Fanta 3p3 at the HP omen arcade I
ran into a 14 year old top 500 player
who was actually just a god at the game
and I took a lot of pictures with him
and I hope you join us up for watch
League because he was that he's like one
of those widow-makers he's like a little
make her main 4400 I was like what any
hooked and trickshot of two people on
his way down 14 years old it's already a
god I was very impressed just saying is
in a couple of years when he when he is
of age he's gonna be dominating in the
overwatch World Cup then right I mean
the talent pool for overwatch is pretty
deep yeah it could be you never know so
tell me about it have you been watching
the overwatch World Cup and maybe the
semi-finals any of the games going on
right now
well I was here for most of the day I
tried to like on the cab on the way over
and before we were setting up here I was
just sitting there watching World Cup
Canada versus Sweden was such a
nail-biter it was down at 2-2 came down
to the very last on control on I think
Oasis it was just it was amazing game I
was really impressed no I didn't get to
see the second semifinal game but I know
that Canada is made it through to the
finals what do you think are any chances
of making it through I mean Team USA's
already gone right so now it's like that
you're mostly rooting for Canada I'm not
sure who's won on the other side of the
bracket yet so I think the other side of
the bracket was currently France versus
Korea I think so France is definitely
underdog it's probably gonna be Canada
for South Korea and South Korea Spri
gonna own everybody cuz Korea is pretty
good you know he's pretty good at
eSports I would say generally so yeah
cheering for Canada though definitely I
think all the USA fans are like alright
let's go for the whole continent North
America let's go take down South Korea
but I want to ask so it was announced
you are joining Dallas fuel for the
overwatch League what are your thoughts
on the whole organization your teammates
what's it like for you what's this
journey been for you so I've been on so
it was previously envious now Dallas
fuel the organization I mean I'm pretty
new right so it gets kind of tough to
like oh how's the organization but just
from the new period of being a new
for the first month it was just like
everyone comes up introduce yourself in
the role within the organization like
hey this is what I do if you ever need
me shoot me a message here here here it
it's like wow that is really nice and
easy
the players are phenomenal I mean
there's not much to say about arguably
one of the best Western teams in the
world but the history of overwatch
they've been so consistent throughout
the lifespan of the game so far I'm very
very impressed across the board I
believe you had at least one teammate
participating in the overwatch World Cup
was xqc is on Kennon what do you think
are his chances on taking Canada all the
way to the win well let's see we had
chips was on Team Sweden and then he
knocked out chips so now it's like okay
if you knock out the other teammate you
better win right like somebody one of us
has got to win this you know that's why
I'm hoping for it perfect well do you
have anything that you would like to say
to any of your fans out there who are
excited to see you play next year I hope
everyone's excited for overwatch Lee
because honestly these spectator
improvements that overwatch League is
gonna have like we just saw just the
start of it a World Cup I was talking to
some of the staff and other members like
so how much of you guys practice with
this it's like you know maybe a couple
weeks or something like that they had
been practicing and training hard for
using the new spectator system but it's
so complex that it's just there's so
much more to improve on with a new
spectator system and now like it's just
essentially this is only the beginning
of how easy spectating will be for
overwatch if it's already this much
better than it was previously I'm very
excited to see what its gonna look like
in a couple months of iterations from
now and overwatch like it's gonna be
exciting I want to ask just a quick
little follow-up before we end new
spectator mode the uniforms amazing all
of the color coordination do you have
any small tips for maybe these extremely
new viewers who are just tuning in
trying to follow the chaotic game so the
basic guy to watching overwatch is
essentially you gotta you got to get
used to the UI first which is you know
currently it's based on team color so
it's very easy to see which team color
you're spectating after that though like
if you just want to like a basic guide
expecting it comes down to you know who
do you thinks gonna have the advantage
in the next fight just look at the
ultimate to the top whoever - whichever
team has more Ultimates Jen
only that team has a slight advantage
going into the next fight and then you
can think about how those players are
gonna like potentially clutch the next
team five of those Ultimates or not as
well as positioning other things but
that's the very basics our Ultimates who
you're actually watching and then
getting used to all of the effects of
overwatch like effects like overwatch is
a very visually busy game in a lot of
ways there's lots of small effects once
you learn the game and play it a little
bit it becomes much much easier to
spectate wonderful well thank you so
much for this interview Segal and I wish
you the best of luck in the upcoming
year with overwatch League and for
everyone else you could check out more
of our content here on the YouTube
channel thanks to omen for supporting
our content they are a new partner of
the overwatch league and you can follow
them on twitter at omen by HP